Added Nt authentication tag length (#239)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke: draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke.md

`base_nonce` with the current sequence number, encoded as a big-endian
integer of the same length as `base_nonce`. Implementations MAY use a
sequence number that is shorter than the nonce length (padding on the left
with zero), but MUST raise an error if the sequence number overflows. The AEAD 

> cipher produces ciphertext that is Nt bytes longer than the plaintext, which is 
> 16 bytes longer for the AEAD ciphers defined in this document. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
algorithm produces ciphertext that is Nt bytes longer than the plaintext.
Nt = 16 for AEAD algorithms defined in this document.
```
